SORA academy, builders intro and respective images (#87)
sora-xor/sora-docs: src/sora-academy.md

# SORA Academy

Thanks to blockchain technology, finance has become more inclusive and
less centralized, sparking a sector known as Decentralized Finance,
and with access to a crypto asset wallet, people can participate in
activities such as swapping tokens (exchanges), liquidity provision,

> NFT Markets, and more. The SORA Academy is the best way to get you started in DeFi on the SORA network

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NFT Markets, and more. The SORA Academy is the best way to get you started in DeFi on the SORA network.
```

Reviewer: @WRRicht3r you didn't apply this change

Reviewer: and a couple of others as well. I've noticed you applied them and then overwritten the changes

## Decentralization and Finance

> When you participate in any financial activity nowadays, such as investing in stocks or bonds, there are several hurdles you must jump through in order to begin trading, your identity must be verified and you must open an account with an intermediary service to trade. Albeit, some of those services provide the option to pool with other users and buy fractions of stocks, instead of the whole stock, as was the norm up until these services were developed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you participate in any financial activity nowadays, such as investing in stocks or bonds, there are several hurdles you must jump through in order to begin trading: your identity must be verified and you must open an account with an intermediary service to trade. Albeit, some of those services provide the option to pool with other users and buy fractions of stocks, instead of the whole stock, as was the norm up until these services were developed.
```

It used to be that the difference between purchasing a token and stock was that you could buy a fraction of a token, for example buying and owning €1000 of BTC, while a whole BTC token costs €36,771.31 (when this article was written), but you could only buy a whole stock. As aforementioned, there are services that fractionalize stocks now, so this is no longer the case.

> The big difference between Centralized finance and Decentralized

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The big difference between centralized and decentralized
```

> finance, however, is that in a decentralized platform, you own your

Reviewer: ```suggestion
finance, however, is that in a decentralized platform you own your
```

keys.

This means that all the requirements you need are a wallet and some tokens. If you were to do these activities through a centralized finance crypto platform, you would need to provide personal identification for a process known as KYC (know your customer), which is required for the platform to comply with anti-money laundering (AML) policies.
After setting up an account, this platform would sometimes give you the facility to purchase tokens using a credit card or other means of payment (with a verified identity), however, you would not own the keys to your account. In other words, your tokens don’t really belong to you, unless you decide to move them from the CeFi app to your wallet (usually paying a transfer fee).

On the contrary, using a DeFi interface, your wallet serves as your identification, and the transactions you make are done directly with your wallet, meaning you own everything you receive and do not have to make any transfers afterward.

_Now you know the difference between both models, but what exactly IS decentralized finance?_

## Defining DeFi

> As of 2021, there are [over 6000 crypto tokens in existence](https://www.investing.com/crypto/currencies) across several blockchains. All having different values and functions on different blockchains. Because of the smart contracts mentioned earlier, there are several finance tools (or dApps, i.e., Decentralized Applications) that use them as a foundation. The most important DeFi activities are swapping (exchanging tokens for others), Pooling (adding liquidity to a token pair), and most recently, NFT trading (the digital equivalent of being an art collector or dealer).

Reviewer: `Because of the smart contracts mentioned earlier` they are not mentioned earlier in this article, what are you referring to? another page? if so, better link there

Author: Please check latest commit, I have added the missing info

> As of 2021, there are [over 6000 crypto tokens in existence](https://www.investing.com/crypto/currencies) across several blockchains. All having different values and functions on different blockchains. Because of the smart contracts mentioned earlier, there are several finance tools (or dApps, i.e., Decentralized Applications) that use them as a foundation. The most important DeFi activities are swapping (exchanging tokens for others), Pooling (adding liquidity to a token pair), and most recently, NFT trading (the digital equivalent of being an art collector or dealer).

Reviewer: > As of 2021, there are [over 6000 crypto tokens in existence](https://www.investing.com/crypto/currencies) across several blockchains.

maybe we can mention more recent stats?

Author: Updated

> As of 2021, there are [over 6000 crypto tokens in existence](https://www.investing.com/crypto/currencies) across several blockchains. All having different values and functions on different blockchains. Because of the smart contracts mentioned earlier, there are several finance tools (or dApps, i.e., Decentralized Applications) that use them as a foundation. The most important DeFi activities are swapping (exchanging tokens for others), Pooling (adding liquidity to a token pair), and most recently, NFT trading (the digital equivalent of being an art collector or dealer).

Reviewer 2: > [over 6000 crypto tokens in existence]

That statement isn't entirely accurate. When considering NFTs and all ERC20 smart contracts, the total number of tokens exceeds 6000.

Author: Yup, the latest version has them updated to 9990

Last but not least, NFT trading and collecting is one of the newer forms of DeFi, there are items that have made headlines due to the exorbitant value they fetch when sold, such as the [CryptoPunk #7523](https://news.artnet.com/market/sothebys-natively-digital-sale-1979174), sold in a Sotheby’s auction for millions of dollars. Before you ask, yes, this is the same Sotheby’s that sells Picasso and Van Gogh art.

How a pixelated image of a humanoid figure can cost so much is in part because it was one of the first NFT ever made (minted) on the Ethereum blockchain, but also due to the same nuances that make Cabbage Patch Kids dolls or Pokémon trading cards collector’s items. However, it is important to note that NFTs are not only images, but there are also many items that can be made into NFT, such as videos, songs, and even items to be used in games. The options are infinite (and so is the value they can fetch).

> At this point, you might be wondering where are all these transactions registered? It does seem very abstract that each platform can interact with their underlying smart contracts, but in your wallet, the transactions aren’t specifying what is going on. But blockchains are supposed to foster transparency, right? That is correct. The tool used to have an overview of all the transactions, ranging from transferring tokens from one account to another or the most complicated DeFi operations can all be audited using a block explorer. These tools allow you to review the transactions contained within each block of the chain. It is important to note that there are different explorers for each blockchain, and some have more than one explorer.

Reviewer: > The tool used to have an overview of all the transactions, ranging from transferring tokens from one account to another or the most complicated DeFi operations can all be audited using a block explorer.

this sentence is rather hard to comprehend

Author: Open to suggestions on how to simplify :D

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
At this point, you might be wondering where are all these transactions registered? It does seem very abstract that each platform can interact with their underlying smart contracts, but in your wallet, the transactions aren’t specifying what is going on. But blockchains are supposed to foster transparency, right? That is correct. A block explorer allows auditing of various transactions, including simple token transfers and complex DeFi operations. These tools allow you to review the transactions contained within each block of the chain. It is important to note that there are different explorers for each blockchain, and some have more than one explorer.
```

Reviewer: maybe something like this 

```suggestion
At this point, you might be wondering where are all these transactions registered? It does seem very abstract that each platform can interact with their underlying smart contracts, but in your wallet, the transactions aren’t specifying what is going on. But blockchains are supposed to foster transparency, right? That is where block explorers come in. A block explorer allows you to review transactions within each block of the chain. You can audit a wide range of operations, from transferring tokens from one account to another to the most complicated DeFi operations. It is important to note that there are different explorers for each blockchain, and some have more than one explorer.
```
>
